so this is something I feel like if I
was the president and it's unlikely that
that is ever going to happen you never
know if I was the president it was
unlikely that was the moment I was
inaugurated my hand would just it still
be hot from touching the Bible and I
would immediately race to wherever they
have the files about area 51 and the
UFOs and I go through everything to find
out what happened but did you do that
that's why you will not be pricked
control over us now you know there are a
lot of people that are going to examine
your your facial expressions here every
every twitch everything and say and of
course so did you look did you see did
you exploit I can't reveal anything oh
really because President Clinton said he
did go right in and he did check and
there was nothing well you know that's
that's what we're instructed to say all
right hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you sad
that the video is over will subscribe to
our YouTube channel and you will never
be sad again ever
[Music]
you